Hi, everyone.
In this lecture, we are going to go over the setup for this API.
All right, so first off, go ahead and go to primum dot com, and from there, just click on the Saina
button, right when you click on the sign up button, just make sure you sign up for recipe search,
not for nutrition analysis.
No, we are searching for recipes.
So click on the sign up button and you will come here.
Recipe API search.
And from there you can see that we have 5000 per month.
So if you use my app ID and app key, I actually don't mind it.
And but at some point you are going to get an error.
And the reason for that is because like if the same case, if multiple students, they use that and
you make like maybe like 100 calls per day, then you are going to get an error rate.
So make sure you go over this set up.
It's simple.
Just click on start.
Now, you come here, you insert your information, username, email address, password, confirm password
for organization.
I literally provided whatever and it worked.
And just click here and this is going to be developer or I just just developer and don't touch this,
OK?
It's perfect.
Just click on the sign up and when you when you sign up then go ahead, go back to this website and
log in using your credentials and go.
And when you log in, just click on the dashboard, just go to your dashboard and from here from the
dashboard, I'm just going to close these three from the dashboard, go to applications.
You can see I've created three applications, one I worked with, the other two I was just testing how
how should I explain it to you so you can just click on create a new application?
And then go to Recipe Search API from there, I'm going to say food and I'm going to say whatever,
right and say create application and it is going to create an application.
This application has an application ID, which you need to grab it and come down here and say CONSED.
So we are doing second app I.D., app I.D. and I'm just going to put it right here.
I've created multiple so you can create multiple and then we have application key and I'm going to say
consed app key and put it right here.
Put it right here.
Perfect, so now that this is out of the way, what you're going to do is you're going to click on API
developer Parul, just click there and from there go to documentation to from the documentation, go
to recipe search.
Right recipe.
And now we are adding the documentation and enough of going backward and forward, all right.
So what I'm going to do here is we are going to go over the API and you can see that we are going to
be using this API Amazon.com search and we are going to provide our own query.
The query is going to come from right here where what the user inserts, for example, whatever the
user inserts and do, you can see that I'm just going to zoom in so you can really see we have some
parameters which are required.
And there are three.
We have our query which is required.
We have our app I.D., which we just got, which is required.
And the key is, yes, you can see that it's as required and it says yes, the rest of them are not
required.
You can go ahead and search.
This is a massive API.
It's it's like larger than the Guardian API that we talked about, larger than the convert to conversion
API.
Guardian EPA is also like it tremendously like huge API.
You have like a lot of options.
And I just scratched the surface.
You can, for example, for The Guardian, you search the news based on the category, based on the
year, based on different indices, like that's how big it is.
And this is also big.
You can grab you can search for you can become really, really, really specific in your search.
Right.
And so what we are going to do is we are going to keep it simple and we want to just get running as
fast as possible.
I'm going to use this, too, as well.
And it is going to give us the number of results that we are going to get so you can get it, for example,
unit to unit to get it from ten plus plus 10.
So I just set it to 30.
I think we could do 300, 3000.
I don't know.
So let's see, let's let me do 3000 here.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to I just saved it and it is 3000.
You just saw it.
It was saved.
C saved.
So let's do solid.
Do we get 3000 results?
It should take a while.
Or we should I don't think we should we can come here.
Its status of 400 and 400, cos they are can be for each of undefined recipe.
This comes from my own application 31.
And where is thirty one recipe results?
Oh, it's the reason, hmm, uh, cannot read property for each of undefined.
Why is it undefined?
Search results.
Recipe that heads, I think it's because it has it is 3000, so I'm just going to make it 300 and I'm
going to say salad and we get the same error, 400 if I make it 30 and save it and come here.
Salad.
And now we don't get another, so we cannot go above 30, c, 30.
That's why I threw an arrow there.
So example to 30, I think we should be able to get more than that.
But anyway, so there is a lot of things that we should go over.
But I'm just going to go over this syntax so you can see this is our URL.
This is going to be our query.
For example, can our app idea is going to come right here.
Our application key is going to come right here and the rest of the filters we are not going to need.
So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to grab it up until search and I'm going to put it const.
Um hmm.
Should I call it recipe?
You are Al.
Pasted right here, right, and don't forget the question mark, because I think there is a question
mark and then we have our query and then we are going to add that query.
So I'm going to say Q equals.
And then after that, we are going to add our query.
All right.
So this is the documentation.
You can go over that in more detail.
For example, we are going to get a label.
We are going to get you are all we are going to get image calories, health labels, diet labels.
This we are going to grab this label, this one and.
Hmm.
And I think that's it.
So I'm going to give you some time to go ahead and to get set up with the application.
And in the next lecture, we are going to go over the how we can make this UI dynamic and to be able
to fetch data so-called on the fly.
All right.
So that's it for this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.